Codepen Link: https://codepen.io/Moon_River/pen/jOMeGXx?editors=1100

 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
 A: Semantic HTML is markup that ue semantic tags for better readibility/

    2. What is HTML used for?
A: HTML is the markup of page. It organizes information on screen and structures the DOM.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
A: An attribute is a word placed in an opening tag. It controls the behavior of the element.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
A: h1 tags are for titles. Use one whenever you want to title a new section of a page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
A: Img tags and video tags.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
A: We link stylesheets, hard-code meta-data.

    7. What is an id? 
An id is an identifier that would take precedent over classes in CSS. It also make elements in the DOM more accessible in Javascript.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
A: Any element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
A:Technically all you want. But they are supposed to be used only in the case when an element is NOT supposed to be repeating/reusing behavior.

    10. What is a class? 
A: A class is an attribute given to elements that are sharing behavior.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
A: Any that you would like.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
A: As many times as you want. Classes are supposed to be used on many elements.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
A: Use "target: _blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
A: For screen readers to describe the image to someone visually impaired. Accessbility use case.

    15. How do I reference an id?
A: Place a "#" in the CSS file followed by the name.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
A: Section is semantic and best practice. Div is generic and usually for grouping other elements together.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
A: CSS controls the styling and presentation of webpage or app.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
A: Give the element a class or id. If it's a semantic tag, all you would need to do it write out the name of the tag.

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
A: See previous answers.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
A: A "." which followed by the name of the class.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
A: .human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
A:It allows you to select elements within a specific element.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
A: .sidebar a

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
A: A selector that can be combined with CSS classes to change the styling during a specific state.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
A: Line spacing

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters
A: letter spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
A: text-transform: Uppercase, Lowercase, Capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
A: border: 1px dotted #000

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
A: * {}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
A:  /*Like this*/

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
A: dir

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
A: ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
A: rm somefile.text

    34. Why should I use version control? 
A:  To keep track of changes to the code base, and being able to retrace your steps when a bug is introduced.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
A: After every change

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
A: git push -u origin "firstname-lastname'

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
A: Go to the project on github
    Fork the project
    Copy the URL 
    Open temrinal
    CD into directory I am using
    git clone [enter URL you copied]
    CD into project
    git checkout -b "firstname-lastname"
    code . (this should open your text editor)
    Do assignment
    Make sure to save work in text editor
    git add .
    git commit -m "add a descriptive comment"
    git push u origin "firstname-lastname"
    Pull Request
    Go to forked repo on Github. Not Lambda's repo.
    Change branch from main to yours
    Click pull Request
    Change the repository to your repo
    Submit pull Request
    Do not merge


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
A: Block elements take the entire width of their line and cause line-breaks.
Inline elements do not start new lines and will take only as much space as they need.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
A: It will only respect, and thereby position itself relative to it's parent element

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
A: Inline-flex?

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
A: p, h1, h2  |  span, i

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
A: The box models is the total width and height of an element that they derive from CSS style rules. You can fix certain issues by setting margin and padding to 0 at the top of
your CSS file. And setting box-sizing to border box.
